1.) What is emmet?

Ans.) Emmet is a web development tool that allows developers to write HTML and CSS code more quickly and efficiently.
      Emmet uses a shorthand syntax to generate  HTML and CSS code from simple abbreviations.
      
2.) Difference between Library and Framework.

Ans.) Library:-

	-> Library is collection of pre-written code that developers can use to perform specific tasks and operations.
	-> When using a library , developers have more control over their code and architecture, they pick and choose 
	specific components  or functions from library to incorporate into their application as needed.
	-> Libraries are typically more flexible and allow developers to implement them in their codebase. 
	in a way that suits their r equirenments and preferences.
	
      Framework :- 
      	-> A framework is comprehensive and structured set of tools , libraries and conventions that provide a 
      	foundation for building applications.
      	-> When using a framework ,we need to follow framework's predefined architectures and patterns.
      	
      	
3.) What is meant by async and defer ?

Ans 3.) Async and Defer are the boolean attributes that are used with '<script>' tag to load the scripts efficiently.
	when we load the a webpage in browser primarly two main things happen i) HTML Parsing ii) Loading of scripts
	this loading of scripts have two parts one is fetching the script second is executing it.
	
	-> While using normal script tag time can be taken to load the script and execute it then it proceeds to HTML Parsing
	
	Async :- While using 'async' in script tag the HTML parsing continues while the script are being fetched 
		from network asynchronously, as soon as fetching of scripts is completed , the HTML parsing stops 
		and then scripts are executed.

      	Defer :- While using 'async' in script tag the HTML parsing continues while the script are being fetched 
		from network asynchronously, as soon as fetching of scripts is completed , the HTML parsing continues 
		and scripts are only executed once HTML parsing is completed.

      	
 4.) What is CDN ? Why do we use it ?
 
 Ans 4.) CDN stands for content Delivery Network , it is network of geographically distributed servers that works together
		deliver web content such as images/CSS/JS etc. 
		The primary purpose of using a CDN is to improve the performance , reliability and availibilty of web content.
